These days it would be really hard to find a Web site without images.
So maybe let's see how we can get images to our HMO.
The issue is that first we would need to get an image to our system.
So some kind of image that we would use first of all let me get rid of this paragraph.
I can just delete it and save it in hours and there's gonna be nothing here.
And now we're gonna go online and search for image.
Now I can obviously do it.
You're on the right hand side but I think it's gonna be easier for us to see if I'm gonna open up the
new browser window somewhere.
I'm gonna make it out to maximize it again.
It's easier for you to follow along and let's say that we're going to search for some kind of image.
So let's say are you Demi in Demi image and let's see someone's gonna come up instead of some kind of
text we're gonna click on images and now we have plenty of images to choose from.
Now in this case I'm gonna get this one.
And in order to save it our machine we would need to use the save him in jazz.
And this is gonna save the image.
Now obviously this is gonna somewhere.
Save it wherever we are.
We'd like so in our case we would like to save it in the folder we're working on.
Now you can save it in desktop if you want but eventually would need to have access in the HMO.
So I would suggest right away navigating through HD in my folder or folder whatever you have.
Or this examples and then save this image.
Now in my case I'm going to call this you Demi and then this is gonna give it the PMG extension.
So now I'm gonna save the image.
And sure enough we have the image now getting the image was the first part and we can always think that
we'll check it a nation email.
Sure enough this is gonna be our image.
Now we need to see how we can get it in document because on lefthand side we can see that we have new
file.
We have you Demi TNG our it is obviously not showing up in a document now the way we display or render
images in a single document is you guessed it the image element.
Now for the image element the actual syntax would be I g.
I can just start typing I am G and then it gives us plenty of options.
Now we can just go with the regular one and notice what happens.
We are giving the image element and remember team image element was without a closing tag.
So this was a self closing element or we're noticing two interesting things we're getting something
called sauce and old now sauce an old R attribute.
So whenever we are thinking about HDMI elements whatever is going to be in in between the tags is gonna
be rendered however attributes would describe the element.
So there's gonna be attributes there are specific to a specific element and then there's gonna be attributes
that say that each and every element can have now for the image we have the source that you never saw
such a boot is gonna tell us where are we gonna be looking for the image.
Because obviously for HD the email actually Mel would need to know where to get the image that's going
to be rendered now alternative is gonna be if we cannot render the image for some reason.
So let's say the path is wrong or something is not working correctly.
Then this text is gonna be displayed.
Now as always I thing is gonna be easier for me to show you how this would work.
So if we know that we have this Udemy that page now in a source we would need to specifically say path
no path is where this image is located.
And if the image is located in the same folder we just need to have forward slash.
And check this out what happened.
So now we have two options.
We have either indexation the amount which is the file that we work on and we have you at the MEP entry.
So if you are in the image element and you would like to render this you dummy image.
Which one do you think you would have to pick.
Indexation MLA or your MEP entry.
I think that would be your MEP entry.
So once I say this notice what happened.
Sure enough right now I'm getting my image.
However let's say first of all I'm gonna change this and I'm gonna say for some reason I'm gonna mistakenly
say that this is going to be J not be energy.
First of all then let's see what happens.
The image is not displayed because our path is wrong.
It's not correct.
However who would have the alternative here.
And we're gonna say the image of you dummy.
And sure enough now we're gonna have the image of you dummy.
So this is gonna be displayed if we cannot access the image.
This is gonna be like a alternative syntax if we cannot render the image properly in the HMO.
First of all let me fix this.
Let's say that this will gonna be PMG.
And again we're getting back our image.
So let's quickly reiterate what we learn in this video.
First and foremost if we would need the image we would need to get a image from somewhere.
Now that could be from Google like we just did.
Later on we're going to look at a alternative sources how we can get image then once we have the image
in our project in order to access the image we would need to use the image tags.
So the image element now image element is gonna have attributes.
Now one of the attributes is gonna be the source and the second was gonna be alternative.
Now for the source we need to show the path and if the path is gonna be in the same folder we just use
a forward slash and then whatever name of damage.
However we also are going to have suggestions from the Visual Studio code.
So if we're really not trying hard it's kind of hard to mess it up and then alternative is gonna be
displayed.
If the email cannot find the image.